You burn money.
Let me borrow this.
Now you are not the protector of money.
He always uses my identity.
You fart.
Deputy general manager, this gives you peace of mind.
Is the crazy woman in the house doing something here?
Could it be that you, the richest person in Long Xuyen, have won?
The richest man in the Dragon Nation declared war
This hand of yours is too fast, isn't it?
Tear it for me first.
Luckily this is Long Xuyen.
The other side of the ice field will not call immediately.
Come with me.
No problem.
Now I officially announce
Method of cooperation for hundreds of billions of orders of Bang Dien Group
Long Xuyen Fuji
Miss Han.
This is the new product you prepared for Fuji Group.
Order
Rett is coming.
It seems that the person on stage is the real richest person.
Great lady.
You say this is so big.
This time, the debt to Reidu is too big.
Is uncle Lam really paying in advance?
Whether he is or not.
New dive orders cannot be placed.
I still go to the temple first.
Clothes of poor quality
It doesn't look like real money.
Get out! Get out!
This is the kindness you talk about at Gaudin's store.